Add note about naming on different platforms (#160)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

* which are unnecessary long: try to make it compact but clear
* contain the same words / collocations in ``NAMESPACE`` and ``COLLECTION`` parts, for example ``my_system.my_system``

> If your collection is planned to be certified on Automation Hub, please consult with Red Hat Partner Engineering to ensure collection naming compatibility between the community collection on **Galaxy**.

Reviewer: That's saying something different from what we decided on the community meeting. I think this should explicitly say that the names should be identical if possible.
```suggestion
If your collection is planned to be certified on Automation Hub, please consult with Red Hat Partner Engineering to ensure collection naming compatibility between the community collection on **Galaxy**. It is desirable that the collection uses the same name on both platforms.
```

Reviewer 2: I must agree with Felix here. "Naming compatibility" is far weaker than "use the same name or end users will have to rewrite playbooks when migrating between Galaxy and AH content".

Reviewer 3: In most cases this policy is not something that the Community Team (or Ansible) has any control over. There are branding implications and best practices that need to be maintained across upstream and downstream. I would leave it to just having the submitter to talk to the Partner Engineering team regarding naming, as the only folks affected are probably Red Hat Collections.

* which are unnecessary long: try to make it compact but clear
* contain the same words / collocations in ``NAMESPACE`` and ``COLLECTION`` parts, for example ``my_system.my_system``

> If a collection is published on Galaxy and is going to be published on Red Hat Automation Hub and vice versa,

Reviewer 4: I think you can remove `and vice versa`

Reviewer: How about just
```suggestion
If a collection is published on both Galaxy and Red Hat Automation Hub,
```

> it is desirable that the Galaxy and Automation Hub collection names are identical if possible.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion: namespace and collection names

Reviewer 5: Maybe a short explanation on why it is desirable, there is no reference to what problem this tries to solve.

Reviewer: How about:
"Having two different names makes it impossible to mention the correct FQCNs in books, tutorials, documents, since there is no single FQCN that always works, and it will cause confusion for users."

Author: Looks good to me, thanks for the suggestions!

> If a collection is published on both Galaxy and Red Hat Automation Hub,
> it is desirable that the Galaxy and Automation Hub collection namespaces and names are identical if possible.
> Having two different names makes it impossible to mention the correct FQCNs in books, tutorials, documents, and in other sources since there is no single FQCN that always works, and it will cause confusion for users.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
"If your Collection is planned to be certified on Automation Hub, please consult with Red Hat Partner Engineering to ensure Collection naming compatibility between the community Collection on **Galaxy."**
```

Author: PTAL, I removed the double quotes and made "Collection" starting with a lowercase letter (as in other parts of the document)
